Update topic/graph-matching/augment (#7)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/topic/graph-matching/augment.md

author: accelsao

# Berge's lemma

[Berge's lemma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berge%27s_lemma) is an important theory of [maximum matching](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matching_(graph_theory)#:~:text=A%20maximal%20matching%20is%20a,least%20one%20edge%20in%20M.). 

> - alternating path: a path that begins with an unmatched vertex and whose edges belong alternately to the matching and not to the matching. 

Reviewer: 这一行和下一行没有首字母大写

- Augmenting path: an alternating path that starts from and ends on free (unmatched) vertices.

> The number of unmatched edges on the augmenting path is one more than the number of matched edges. If the matched edges are changed to unmatched edges, and vice versa, the matching size will increase by one and still be the alternating path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of unmatched edges on an augmenting path is one more than the number of matched edges. If the matched edges are changed to unmatched edges, or vice versa, the matching size will increase by one and still be an alternating path.
```

![augment-1](./images/augment-1.png)

As shown in the figure, the number of matches increases from 2 to 3 - we call this **augmentation**.

According to Berge's lemma, the maximum matching is found when there's no augmenting path.

From this theorem, we can understand the core idea of maximum matching.

!!! core idea

    Enumerate all unmatched vertices and find the augmenting path until there's no one to be found.

In fact, we only need to enumerate once for each vertex.

![augment-2](./images/augment-2.png)

Suppose that after a round of augmentation along the augmenting path $a-b$ , there's an augmenting path $P_x$ starting from $x$ , then $P_x$ must intersect $a-b$ .

> Suppose $P_x$ intersects $a-b$ for the first time, because $a-b$ is an alternating path, meaning that the intersection points are of different types (noted by red and blue in the figure), before the augmentation $x$ can reach an unmatched vertex in $a-b$, indicating that there already exists an augmenting path starting from $x$ .

Reviewer: 标注 marked

> Suppose $P_x$ intersects $a-b$ for the first time, because $a-b$ is an alternating path, meaning that the intersection points are of different types (marked by red and blue in the figure), before the augmentation $x$ can reach an unmatched vertex in $a-b$, indicating that there already exists an augmenting path starting from $x$ .

Reviewer: 这句话 before 后面和前面从句子结构上来看有点像两个句子了，而两个句子不能用逗号连接。
另外 before 后面的翻译没太体现原文意思？

> Suppose $P_x$ intersects $a-b$ for the first time, because $a-b$ is an alternating path, which means that the intersection points are of different types (marked by red and blue in the figure),  $x$ can reach an unmatched vertex in $a-b$ before the augmentation. This indicates that there already exists an augmenting path starting from $x$ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose $P_x$ intersects $a-b$ for the first time. Remebering that $a-b$ is an alternating path, which means that the intersection points are of different types (marked by red and blue in the figure), then $x$ can reach an unmatched vertex in $a-b$ before the augmentation, which indicates that there already exists an augmenting path starting from $x$ .
```
Tried my best to smooth it
